So let's continue.
Or k means clustering introduction and tries to find the key parent teacher.
Sometimes we have some apriori knowledge and we know how many clusters we are looking for.
And basically this is the case for most of the times but we don't any apriori knowledge K is approximately
equal to the square root of and divide by 2.
Where n is the number of items in the dataset and we have the album method because OK it is a good approximation
but we can do better with the elbow method.
So we monitor the change of home again Itay within the clusters with different key values.
So we run or K means clustering Venky's equal to warn them for equal to to them for easy destry and
so on.
It looks at the percentage of Iranians explained as a function of the number of clusters.
To choose a number of clusters so that adding another cluster doesn't give much better modeling of the
data.
So we have to find the Albo point at A-plot if we make this plot that a number of clusters so the k's
equal to 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 up to 9 and the per cent of the Ryons explain then we should end up with a
situation like this.
And there's the alto.
So in this case they should be four.
So what's the advantages and disadvantages as far as Kamins clustering is concerned.
The advantage is that it relies on simple principles to identify clusters and it is a very important
fact scientists have came up with that we had the intuition in the past that very very complex algorithms
are better than simple ones.
And this is not the case.
Nobody is.
We like seeing black rhythms we have been talking about K nearest neighbor.
It is very very simple not that complex that logistic regression but on the other hand an algorithm
performs better on credit scoring than the complex logistic regression.
So this is why I usually like simple approaches and simple algorithms.
It's very flexible and it's very efficient.
On the other hand there are some disadvantages as well.
It's not that sophisticated because it uses an element of random chance.
It is not guaranteed to find the optimal set of clusters and we don't like modals we'd paramita is basically
we are going to talk about now and on networks and it usually we don't know that what's going to be
these parameters what's going to be the learning rate or the momentum.
For now what are the networks or what's going to be the parameters for Kamins clustering.
So we have to know when it was how many clusters are we want to find or if we do not know it then we
can use the Abbo method or we can approximated with the square root and divide by two formula.
But it's not the same.
We don't like these black perimeters basically.
So what's the difference between clustering and classification.
The clustering is different from classification or Americal productions because the classification or
regression The result is a model that relates features to an outcome clustering.
We create new data so only all the examples are given the cluster label and inferred entirely from the
relationships within the data.
So it's very important that we clustering we create new data we are going to assign a cluster label
to every single data point in our training data set basically for classification.
The result is a model that relates features to an outcome here for clustering.
We create new data.
So that's all about Kamins mustering.
Thanks for watching.